# LandChain
Land issues have always been a major concern faced by people from every background. When one buys a property, he must find a secure title and get it signed by Lawful owner, in order to get a 'Good Title'. This seems to be very easy, but the real devil lives in details. Blockchain technology is already being exploited in various ways for saving cost with high security to create and manage the distributed system as well as to record information about transactions without the verification of the third party. Flawed paperwork, forged signature, defects in foreclosure and mortgage documents have marred proper documentation of property ownership. The ultimate solution to fix these issues is "Blockchain Based Land Registry". That provides immutable history of transaction records, i.e. provides undoubted Authenticity, Records are permanently linked to system, that restricts tampering of records. It provides robust validation. With Blockchain, we provide immense level authentication to records of Land Registry. It would be stored on a distributed ledger, providing genuine and gigantic endorsement. Land registry blockchain can solve the above problem by keeping record in an open distributed ledger, that can record transactions between two parties efficiently in an verifiable and permanent way. One has to upload the document file, and keep the receipt of the transaction. The receipt hash would be further used to search for the property. This would serve as a very reliable proof to enhance the robustness of legal authorities.
